Product Requirements Document (PRD)
OurHOAFuture.com — Garage Parking Project Cost Breakdown
Project

Add a Garage Parking Project cost transparency section to the website that summarizes the 2025 garage repair project costs for residents.

The goal is to present clear, factual, summary-level financial information regarding the garage repair project introduced in 2025, including the originally communicated contract amount and the additional costs that resulted in a total project cost of approximately $95,000.

No raw invoices or confidential documents should be published.

Objectives

Provide residents a clear financial summary of the garage project.

Show how the project cost increased from the initial contract amount (~$35K) to a total project cost (~$95K).

Maintain neutral and factual language.

Only display summary information derived from records available to residents through official association channels.

Repository Context

Current repository structure:

ourhoafuture/
  index.html
  assets/
    css/site.css
  pages/
    financial.html
    projects.html
    legal.html
    documents.html
    about.html
    espanol.html
  data/
    budget_anomalies.csv
Feature to Implement
Garage Parking Project Transparency Section

This section should be added to:

pages/projects.html

and summarized on the homepage.

Data Model

Create a new dataset:

data/projects.csv
CSV Format
project_name,year,initial_contract,additional_costs,total_project_cost,notes,source_reference
Initial Data
Garage Parking Repair,2025,35000,60500,95500,"Initial contract amount communicated ~$35K. Additional labor and safety-related work increased the total project cost to approximately $95K.","HOA portal documents and management communications available to residents"
UI Requirements
Projects Page Layout

Add a section at the top of projects.html:

Section Title
Garage Parking Project — Cost Summary
Intro Text

Display the following text:

This section summarizes the cost structure of the garage repair project introduced in 2025. The figures below reflect high-level totals derived from association records available to residents.

Cost Breakdown Table

Render a table with the following columns:

Item	Amount
Initial Contract Amount	$35,000
Additional Labor / Safety Costs	$60,500
Total Project Cost	$95,500

The amounts should be formatted as currency.

Additional Notes Section

Display the following bullet points below the table:

• The original contract amount communicated was approximately $35,000.
• Additional labor and safety-related costs increased the total project cost.
• The total project cost for the project is approximately $95,000.
• Supporting records are available to residents through the HOA portal and management.

Visual Component

Add a simple cost comparison visualization under the table.

Visualization Type

A horizontal bar comparison:

Initial Contract      | ██████████ $35K
Additional Costs      | ███████████████████████ $60.5K
Total Project Cost    | ███████████████████████████████ $95K

This should be implemented using simple HTML/CSS bars (no external libraries).

Homepage Integration

Update index.html.

Add a Featured Project Summary card in the homepage grid.

Title
Garage Parking Project
Summary Text
The garage repair project introduced in 2025 increased from an initial contract amount of approximately $35K to a total project cost of roughly $95K after additional labor and safety-related work.
Link

Button:

View Cost Breakdown

Link to:

/pages/projects.html
Site-Wide Language Requirements

Maintain neutral language.

Do NOT include:

accusations

speculation

statements of wrongdoing

Use phrases like:

“According to association records”

“Based on figures available to residents”

“High-level summary”

Compliance Requirements

Ensure the site:

• Publishes summary information only
• Does not publish invoices, contracts, emails, or personal data
• Does not host confidential documents

Add the following disclaimer to the footer if not already present:

Disclaimer: This website provides high-level summaries and analysis for informational purposes. Supporting records referenced are available to residents through official association channels.

Technical Requirements

Codex must:

Create data/projects.csv

Modify pages/projects.html to load and render the dataset.

Format numbers as currency.

Ensure responsive layout.

Maintain compatibility with GitHub Pages static hosting.

Avoid external JS libraries.

Future Expansion

The projects dataset should support additional entries such as:

Roof Repairs
Elevator Maintenance
Building Structural Repairs
Waterproofing Projects

The UI should automatically expand to display multiple projects.

Expected Outcome

Residents visiting the site will clearly see:

Garage Repair Project

Initial contract: ~$35K
Additional costs: ~$60K
Total project cost: ~$95K

with clear explanation and neutral presentation.